Published: 2020

TERMS OF USE 
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your use of the websites and mobile applications provided by goglobalmart 
(or referred to as “us”) (collectively the “Platforms”). Please read these Terms carefully. By accessing and using the
Platforms, you agree that you have read, understood and accepted the Terms including any additional terms and conditions 
and any policies referenced herein, available on the Platforms or available by hyperlink. If you do not agree or fall 
within the Terms, please do not use the Platforms.

The Platforms may be used by (i) natural persons who have reached 18 years of age and corporate legal entities, e.g 
companies. Where applicable, these Terms shall be subject to country-specific provisions as set out herein. 

Users below the age of 18 must obtain consent from parent(s) or legal guardian(s), who by accepting these Terms shall
agree to take responsibility for your actions and any charges associated with your use of the Platforms and/or purchase of Goods.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s), you must stop using/accessing the Platforms immediately. 

goglobalmart reserves the right to change or modify these Terms (including our policies which are incorporated into these Terms) at any time.
You are strongly recommended to read these Terms regularly. You will be deemed to have agreed to the amended Terms by your continued use of 
the Platforms following the date on which the amended Terms are posted.



1. goglobalmart
1.1 Who we are 

Depending on which Platform you access and use, these Terms form the contract between you and the following goglobalmart entities:

 Cambodia (https://www.goglobalmart.com/)

3 Orders 
3.1 When you place an Order with goglobalmart, goglobalmart will confirm your order by sending you a confirmation email containing the Order receipt.
Where applicable, Orders will include delivery fees and any applicable tax (e.g. goods and services tax, value-added tax, etc.). 

3.2 Minimum Order Value - Some of our customer require a minimum order value (“MOV”) before an Order can be placed and delivered to you.
Where an applicable Order fails to meet the MOV, you will have the option of paying the difference to meet the MOV or to add more Goods to your Order.

3.3 Special Instructions – goglobalmart and the customer may be) reasonably endeavour to comply with your special instructions for an Order. 
However in some cases where this is not feasible, possible or commercially reasonable, 
panda and/or the Customer reserve the right to proceed to prepare the 
Order in accordance with standard operating procedures. Neither foodpanda nor the Customer shall be responsible to replace or refund an Order which does
not conform to special instructions provided by you. 

3.4 Allergens – goglobalmart is not obligated to provide ingredient information or allergen information on the Platforms.
Further, foodpanda does not guarantee that the Goods sold by Customer are free of allergens. If you have allergies,
allergic reactions or dietary restrictions and requirements, please contact the Customer before placing an Order on our Platforms.

3.5 Please note that your Order may be subject to additional terms and conditions provided by the Customer. 

3.6 Prior to placing the Order

3.7 You are required to provide the delivery address in order for the Platform to display the Customer available in your delivery area.

6.6.2 Once you select a Customer, you will be taken to that Customer’s menu page for you to select and add your Goods to the cart. 

6.7 Placing the Order

To complete an Order, please follow the onscreen instructions after clicking ‘place order’. You may be required to provide additional details for us to
complete your Order. You are required to review and confirm that all the information you provide, including the amounts, delivery details, personal details,
payment information, and voucher codes (if applicable) is true, accurate and complete before you click “PLACE ORDER”. An Order is successfully placed when you 
receive an email confirmation containing your Order receipt from us.


7 Order Pick-Up 

7.1 Where available, you will have the option of collecting your Order in-person directly from the Customer’s premises ("Pick-Up") instead
of having the Order delivered to You. Your email confirmation will indicate the time for you to Pick-Up the Order (“Collection Time”). 
The Customer will prepare the Order by the Collection Time. In some cases, a reasonable delay may be expected. The Customer agrees to hold 
the Order for you at the Customer’s premises for no more than a reasonable period of twenty (20) minutes from the Collection Time (“Holding Time”) 
and shall not be obliged to provide the Order to you if you fail to Pick-Up your Order within the Holding Time. 

7.3 In the event of unreasonable delays in Pick-Up attributable to you, you bear the risk of any damage or loss of Goods or any deterioration 
in quality or change in condition of the Goods (e.g. changes in the temperature fit for consumption). In this case, you shall not be entitled to 
a replacement, refund or replacement of the Goods. You alone are responsible for inspecting the Goods/Order when you Pick-Up your Order and shall 
report any issues and/or defects to the Customer before leaving the Customer’s premises.





12 Personal Data (Personal Information) Protection 
You agree and consent to foodpanda and any of its affiliate companies collecting, using, processing and 
disclosing your Personal Data in accordance with these Terms and as further described in our Privacy Policy. 
Our Privacy Policy is available via the links on our Platforms, and shall form a part of these Terms. 





